you're a fighter
now you know that I can tell ya I was
don't got my retina detached to time
what'd you fight about middleweight Oh
like super middleweight that's my body
developed would you go about what Bantam
flyweight would you know your
divisions huh
would you like to fight you like the
rough stuff yeah I bet you do
you like to get out and touch a little
bit like me and Tuffy before she got run
over
we should go down flowing tussle all the
time I said huh
you're good Tuffy it's a treat for
you I gave Tuffy what all good
love best you know that is not that is a
bomb I'll give you a good bone - girl
you know my time mmm nice don't
mean nothin me I'll let the monster out
you're gonna do what it wants
I gotta go Kenneth maybe we'll see each
other it's nothing how we gonna toss a
first Danny
oh that want to tussle we tussled
[Music]